Release notes for KiXtart 2010 (version 4.67)


New functionality/enhancements:

4.67:
 1) Fixes issue with large strings in scripts
 2) added "-b" commandline option to start with 'BREAK ON'
 3) fixed issue so KiXtart once again tries for the default script ("KIXTART.KIX")
 4) added "NoNetwork" option to tell KiXtart to not try to retrieve network information
    NoNetwork can be enabled from the commandline, using a new "-n" commandline option 
    or using SetOption( "NoNetwork", "ON" )

    Note that this option is only useful *before* any reference to network information 
    is made. In other words: before your script references macros like @HOMEDIR, @HOMESHR, 
    and before you use the Ingroup function.

4.66:
 1) Added support for Windows 10

 2) Fixed issue in FormatNumber with values < 0

 3) Fixed issue in Ascan on Windows 7

 4) Enhanced Trim() so it also treats carriage returns as whitespace..

4.65:
 1) Updated @PRODUCTTYPE issues.

 2) Added support for logon with Microsoft account

 3) Fixed OS version issue on Windows 8.1

 4) Added workaround for crashes on Pentium III's.


4.64:
 1) Updated @PRODUCTTYPE issues.

 2) Fixed issue of SHELL command creating console in WKIX32

 3) Fixed issue with SidToName failing on specific SIDs

 4) Built using Visual Studio 2013 (inc XP targeting option)

 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE: current versions of Visual Studio no longer support Windows 9x, Windows NT 4 or 
                  Windows 2000. As a result, KiXtart 2010 versions 4.60 and up are also no longer
                  supported on these Windows versions. Running the executable on these versions 
                  will produce the following error: ".EXE expects a newer version of Windows."


Please report any issues with this release on one of the KiXtart discussion
forums on the Internet:

http://www.kixtart.org
http://www.scriptlogic.com/kixtart

Note that KiXtart is provided to you as CareWare. Please see the manual for full details on 
the KiXtart CareWare distribution policy.
